.TH  "" "" 
.SH ANSIBLE\-REPORT
.SS NAME
.PP
ansible\-report \- Utility to report on tasks performed by
\f[I]Ansible\f[]
.SS SYNOPSIS
.PP
ansible\-report [options]
.SS DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f[I]ansible\-report\f[] comes with a callback plugin that can be used
to log \f[I]Ansible\[aq]s\f[] tasks to a database for later auditing.
\f[I]ansible\-report\f[] itself is used to query the database for later
reporting purposes.
\f[I]ansible\-report\f[] uses output plugins to determine how to display
the report data.
This can be email, STDOUT, or something else of your choosing.
.SS OPTIONS
.PP
\f[I]\-\-version\f[]
.PP
Display version number and exit.
.PP
\f[I]\-v\f[], \f[I]\-\-verbose\f[]
.PP
Be verbose in how \f[I]ansible\-report\f[] runs.
Some output plugins may also use this to determine what tasks to report.
.PP
\f[I]\-o\f[], \f[I]\-\-output\f[]
.PP
Specify which output plugin to use.
Default is \f[I]screen\f[].
.PP
\f[I]\-e\f[] EXTRA_ARGS, \f[I]\-\-extra\-args\f[]=EXTRA_ARGS
.PP
Set additional \f[I]key=value\f[] parameters that are passed to output
plugins.
See the respective man pages for plugins for what can be passed.
.PP
\f[I]\-\-prune\f[]
.PP
Prune old events from the database.
Requires the \f[C]\-\-age\f[] option.
.PP
\f[I]\-\-stats\f[]
.PP
Only summarize the reportable data with statistics.
Do not report details on individual tasks.
.PP
\f[I]\-l\f[] LIMIT, \f[I]\-\-limit\f[]=LIMIT
.PP
Limit reported events to LIMIT, an integer.
The default can be defined in \f[C]ansible.cfg\f[].
.PP
\f[I]\-\-age\f[]=AGE
.PP
Query for tasks or playbooks that are no older than this date string.
You can either specify a \f[I]datetime\f[] string or something like:
\f[I]N seconds ago\f[], \f[I]N minutes ago\f[], \f[I]N hours ago\f[],
\f[I]N days ago\f[], or \f[I]N weeks ago\f[].
.PP
\f[I]\-\-uid\f[]=UUID
.PP
Query for a playbook with the supplied UUID.
The UUID is assigned by the callback plugin.
.PP
\f[I]\-\-path\f[]=PATH
.PP
Query for playbooks with the supplied PATH.
.PP
\f[I]\-\-connection\f[]=CONNECTION
.PP
Query for playbooks that used the supplied connection type.
.PP
\f[I]\-c\f[], \f[I]\-\-changed\f[]
.PP
Query for tasks that reported changed as part of their task result.
.PP
\f[I]\-m\f[] MODULE_NAME, \f[I]\-\-module\f[]=MODULE_NAME
.PP
Query for tasks that used the module MODULE_NAME.
.PP
\f[I]\-n\f[] HOSTNAME, \f[I]\-\-hostname\f[]=HOSTNAME
.PP
Query for tasks that ran on the host HOSTNAME.
.PP
\f[I]\-r\f[] RESULT, \f[I]\-\-result\f[]=RESULT
.PP
Query for task where the result matches the supplied RESULT.
This must be a valid \f[I]Ansible\f[] task result string.
This can be \f[I]OKAY\f[], \f[I]SKIPPED\f[], \f[I]FAILED\f[],
\f[I]ERROR\f[], or \f[I]UNREACHABLE\f[].
